Who dares to touch him today?
Talent, why are you back again?
Come on, it's okay here.
Don't worry, as long as I'm here, no one can touch you today.
Yu Tiantian? Why hasn’t it been turned off yet?
In fact, if I dare to take advantage of a talented person,
Today I also talked about letting go of talent,
This is the political system of our Ye family,
If you dare to change one thing, what kind of qualifications should you use?
How many points do I have in my life now? I will pay attention to that.
Lao Nao, he is the waste of the Yu family,
In talent? Yes
He is the prize
Use your money for one match
Just looking for you
I didn't expect to be here today
So it's considerate
Powerless to deal with me
I can't blame you for long. Eat sweets.
I will give you the fox destroying injury that wins the destruction of people.
Don't pay him
I want to be in the industry group
What to do today
developed the discovery
What did you do woman?
When did I not get a man for you?
Tie this little sword to the side of the sky for me
If there is no chaos, you will die by rolling your hands.